Actualizo docs para usar siempre domain faker (#998)
mercadopago/devsite-docs: guides/online-payments/advanced-payments/wallet-device-native-mobile.en.md

> 
> Nota
> 

> > See [reference](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/es/guides/payments/advanced-payments/wallet-device-fingerprint-sample) or complete example about Fingerprint and implementation via SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> See [reference](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/en/guides/online-payments/advanced-payments/wallet-device-fingerprint-sample) or complete example about Fingerprint and implementation via SDK.
```
